Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes. All three CNN model architectures classified Dog_01.jpg as "eskimo dog, husky."
Therefore, ResNet, AlexNet, adn VGG all produced the same breed classification for the Siberian Husky.


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes. Each of the three model architectures classified both Dog_01.jpg and Dog_02.jpg as "eskimo dog, husky." 
The horizontal flip of Dog_01.jpg did not change the breed classification for any of the models.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Bear_01.jpg was correctly classified as a non-dog by all three models. All three models classified it as an American black bear. 
For Sushi_01.jpg, AlexNet classified it as a vase and VGG classified it as a plate. 
Although neither model correctly identified it as sushi, both correctly classified it as a non-dog. 
ResNet incorrectly classified Sushi_01.jpg as a hotdog and therefore classified it as a dog.  


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: AlexNet was selected as the best model for the uploaded-image classification task. 
All three models correctly classified both dog images as dogs and produced the same "eskimo dog, husky" breed classification for the original and horizontally flipped image. 
All three also correctly identified the bear as a non-dog. 
However, ResNet incorrectly classified the sushi image as a hotdog and therefore as a dog.
AlexNet and VGG both correctly classified the sushi image as a non-dog, although neither identified the object as sushi.
Therefore, AlexNet and VGG performed equally well on the required dog/non-dog and breed measures, while ResNet performed worse because of its incorrect dog classification.
AlexNet was selected as the best model because it achieved 100% on the relevant dog, non-dog, and breed classification measures while remaining consistent across the original and horizonatally flipped images. 


FULL ANALYSIS CAN BE FOUND IN:
data/uploaded_images_analysis.txt
